Welcome to the crew, Rookie! We need your help.
I'm Joseph, the Fire Chief at this station.
So, I bring bad news. There is a HUGE wildfire in Oregon.
We need your help. The last time I saw I fire like this was...
the 2020 Labor Day fires, which burned over 1.2 million acres,
destroyed upwards of 5,000 homes,
and resulted in over $600 million in damages.
Apparently, this new fire was caused last night by a lightning strike.
It's burning hot today. 95 degrees, low humidity,
no rain in sight, and unpredictable wind speeds.
Based on the Incident Command System, it is a Type 1 fire.
This is a very severe fire that will require a lot of resources,
so we need the highest level of coordination and resources we can get.
There is another fire up north I have to manage though,
so I'm putting you in charge of stopping this devastating wildfire. 
But first, I need to show you how everything works!
Use the WASD keys or touchpad to move around the map.
Let's find a tree to click on.
Check out the grey box in the top left corner!
Each tile has a certain level of fuel. 
This affects how quickly and intensely it burns.
For example, a tree has 6 points of fuel in total. 
This means that although the fire will burn slowly, the fire is hot.
You will need to deploy strong assets in order to successfully combat the fire.
Each asset has a different strength.
Let's try the firetruck first.
The vertical bar on the right lists the available assets.
Click the green Start button at the top of the screen.
Select the firefighter square, then deploy it by selecting a burning tile.
Fantastic! Click the firefighter square again to deactivate it.
Let's talk fuel. This is what feeds the fire and keeps it burning.
When the fuel runs out, the terrain becomes burnt.
Flammability is how fast the terrain is likely to catch fire.
Your job is to save as many houses and terrain tiles as possible.
Let's deploy some more assets. This fire is growing fast.
Try to deploy 3 helicopters.
Oh! Looks like there is a cooldown. Use fire extinguishers while you wait.
Alternate between different resources to fight as many flames as you can.
Uh oh! You ran out! Click the shop icon in the bottom right corner.
Here, you can purchase more assets! Click any of the green plus signs.
This controls the number of assets you want to buy.
Believe it or not, you actually earned some coins already!
Every time you put out a fire, you earn coins.
When you're ready, click Purchase.
Let's go fight this fire!